Add offline client lib install directions (#14732)
DataDog/integrations-core: ibm_db2/README.md

## Troubleshooting

> ### Installing `ibm_db` client library offline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Installing `ibm_db` client library offline

```

> For systems where running `pip install ibm_db==3.0.1` is not possible, such as offline machines or in networks with restrictions, `ibm_db` can be installed alternatively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're in an air gapped environment, or on a restricted network where it's not possible to run `pip install ibm_db==3.0.1`, you can install `ibm_db` using the following method:

**Note**: The following example assumes an Ubuntu machine, but the steps should also be similar on most operating systems.
```

> On a machine that can install [the source tarball][14], download the file. The following example assumes an Ubuntu machine, although it should also be applicable to most machines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On a machine with network access, download [the source tarball][14].
```

```
curl -L https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz > ibm_db.tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   ```
curl -L https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz > ibm_db.tar.gz
```
~~~

Transport this file over to the restricted host, and then extract the archive:

```
tar xvf ibm_db.tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
1. Transport the file over to the restricted host, and then extract the archive:

   ```
tar xvf ibm_db.tar.gz
```
~~~

Using the embedded [`pip`][15] on the Agent, run the following command:

```
/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --no-index --no-deps --no-build-isolation  python-ibmdb-3.1.0/IBM_DB/ibm_db/

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
1. Using the embedded [`pip`][15] on the Agent, run the following command:

   ```
/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --no-index --no-deps --no-build-isolation  python-ibmdb-3.1.0/IBM_DB/ibm_db/
```
~~~

## Troubleshooting

### Installing `ibm_db` client library offline

If you're in an air gapped environment, or on a restricted network where it's not possible to run `pip install ibm_db==3.0.1`, you can install `ibm_db` using the following method:

**Note**: The following example assumes an Ubuntu machine, but the steps should also be similar on most operating systems.

1. On a machine with network access, download [the source tarball][14].

   ```
curl -L https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz > ibm_db.tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   ```
   curl -L https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz > ibm_db.tar.gz
   ```
~~~

1. Transport the file over to the restricted host, and then extract the archive:

   ```
tar xvf ibm_db.tar.gz

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   ```
   tar xvf ibm_db.tar.gz
   ```
~~~

1. Using the embedded [`pip`][15] on the Agent, run the following command:

   ```
/opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --no-index --no-deps --no-build-isolation  python-ibmdb-3.1.0/IBM_DB/ibm_db/

> ```

Reviewer: ~~~suggestion
   ```
   /opt/datadog-agent/embedded/bin/pip install --no-index --no-deps --no-build-isolation  python-ibmdb- 
   3.1.0/IBM_DB/ibm_db/
   ```
~~~

## Troubleshooting

### Installing `ibm_db` client library offline

If you're in an air gapped environment, or on a restricted network where it's not possible to run `pip install ibm_db==3.0.1`, you can install `ibm_db` using the following method:

**Note**: The following example assumes an Ubuntu machine, but the steps should also be similar on most operating systems.

1. On a machine with network access, download [the source tarball][14].

   ```

>    curl -L https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz > ibm_db.tar.gz

Author: ```suggestion
   curl -Lo ibm_db.tar.gz https://github.com/ibmdb/python-ibmdb/archive/refs/tags/v3.1.0.tar.gz
```
